When you come back, I want to aggressively grab you like a sexy man, kissing you passionately and make you forget about your day. My very warm lips against yours while my hands slowly touching you from your neck, to the back, down until they gently grab and squeeze your butt; after a little while, you start feeling very horny, temperature start rising between your legs, and you cannot help your hands to start touching my chest sloping down slowly and before I know they are inside my underpants, grabbing my dick firmly .... that excites me......








Then I lift you up to put you on the bed and then, without removing your dress, I remove your pants under your dress, which are already very wet. Then I remove your small sexy red dress, throw it way because it is getting on my way... while lying down on the bed I start slowly and gently kissing your neck, slowly down to the middle of the chest, then I start on the left breast; licking up and down, in a cirle, sucking and biting a little bit the nipple... it feels so good you cannot help yourself start mouning. Since it feels so amazing, you want the right nipple to enjoy the party too; you fiercely grab my head and press it again the right breast.... I repeat the same movement but in reverse: sucking the nipple, then licking it up and down then in a circle.






while still up on the nipples, my right hand is not sleeping, because it knows the kitty down there is drowning wet, dying to be touched. With my fingers is slowly start touching your clitoris, circle movement, clockwise, not rushing, while I can hear your breathing changing, your heart start beating faster, the mouning changing the tone, going a little bit louder.
after sometime, the combination of my tongue on your nipples with my fingers rubbing gently your wet pussy, is so euphoric at a point you start aggressively looking for my dick because you know how satisfying it is when you stroke my big dick really hard with your hands while I am giving your pussy a master touch with my fingers.









The combinations feel very nice, the heart beat is the fastest, the mouning is at a loud point, you fear the neighbors might hear you, so you put your other free hand on your mouth, just before you get to your finish line, I slow down, I stop, because I know you have not gotten your punishment yet.
My tongue is still warm, but hungry, because it knows it hasn't tasted the best meal yet. Your legs wide open, me in the middle, I slowly start kissing your belly button, down to the lower stomach, taking a little diversion to the inner thighs because I know that runs you wild since you are expecting the tongue somewhere else.








With a warm breath at the start, my tongue on your pussy, I start moving it up and down until I am sure every lips and surrounding of your vagina is covered; then I focus on the clitoris, that is when you grab my hair so hard, mouning loudly and begging me to continue.... It is dirty, sexy, amazing however you have other plans in your mind. You beg me to stop but I do not, you are getting hornier and hornier, and you want me to feel what you are feeling, so you push me, pin me on the bed, jump on top of me, sitting your pussy on my dick then look at me with a suspicious smile, then before I realize, you start riding me really hard, your pussy so wet, my dick so big,so hard, you keep mourning. after sometime, you get dirtier and you want me to feel the torture of pleasure you are having, so you get in to doggy position and wait for to come, fuck you deep and hard because you know I love that position.
It is so sexy, your whole ass is mine, the movement is harder and harder, you start telling "Please cum for me baby", because you know I am about too.
An in an explosion; a big load spreads your back, I am having a big relief; however I know that I am not satisfied because my dirty queen is not yet relieved from her pain, torture of pleasure and horniness.
In a little aggressive movement, I grab you, put you down, touching your clitoris really hard, it feels amazing you start whispering to me "It's coming; damn you baby";I love hearing that, so I do not stop; and at the end a very big cumming moment comes, with your body almost flying to the roof, mouning louder then ever.

We finish in a very nice cuddling moment, sleeping immediately, so calm and satisfied.
